you
it comes up man
he's going
I can smell the smoke horrible
and how come it will cause that little
pause
an electrical fire
fire fire fire
there's the Tremont in South Boulevard
yes I was trying to chew on 21:27 BMW
burning okay all right thank you
there you go William let it burn let it
burn I wanted to blow up blow let's go
blow up and then she'll have they don't
eat here fast enough hope that big big
there's gas in it yeah
he could have put it out if he had a
fucking fire stinky shirt look at the
stupid cops are going to get close to it
they can't put that out astute and it's
going to blow up
we can
even just now is to put too close to the
fire mechanic
since I don't want to get into closes in
that ruins oh yeah that little thing I'm
gonna put it down
ah
because you call
Oh
and when they can put it out
we could have put it out of who had a
fire station they could just start
I can bathin it relief that we got to
put it on YouTube
come on
that this is work
BMW for me I guess
because say they're watching
watch the road
and they ruined